I started the project by making the base of the movement and interaction since the focus was the shop and inventory system. Right after the interaction system was done, I started by making a simple inventory script that could be used for shops and the player, or even be expanded for containers or interactables. The system is made of three parts: the libraries, the inventories, and the Item class.
The libraries serve as a holder for the Item's information that a certain object or actor has access to; right now, they can be set individually on each script. The inventory is a representation of all the items held by that actor or object, so all the Items that actor has available at the moment. And the Item class represents the objects that can be changed between inventories. They are represented by their icons, which hold their individual information within them.
After building the base of the inventory system, an equipment system was added. The equip system uses a different object, called Equipment, but for future implementations, making equipment a child of the Item class is preferable. The Equipment has the same base as the Item but it has more information so that the player can equip it and have a different appearance for each equipment.
I worked around 10–12 hours on the project. My performance was higher on the backend side, focusing on making a clear system to understand and expand upon, but because of the limited time, I couldn't reduce much unnecessary code. On the front end, the UI lacked a bit of feedback. I put up some simple feedback to the UI and to the interactions, but I think that it also misses some basic things like a click and drag option or an auto-deselect when closing menus.
